---
title: Week 13 - 2026
date: 2026-04-06 10:30:00 + 05:30
categories: ["2026"]
tags: ["2026"]
description: Failing BSCP, then passing (sort of)
---

This week I gave the BSCP. On the first attempt I failed. I will write a detailed review once I get the cert on how but the TLDR is that the proctoring tool made my laptop lag like crazy which I was unable to fix. This wasted an hour on the exam and I had to close the tool to even get some work done. I wrote to portswigger about this issue and they were kind enough to give me a free retake. I will write more in depth about what the issue was in my review. I also faced a few more issues with Burpsuite, I will be writing about those as well and how did I fix them, in my review. 

The retake which I attempted yesterday, went relatively well and I think I got done with the technical portion of hacking the 2 webapps with still about 20-30 minutes to spare. I have a lot to say about this exam. I should have the cert by the end of week, after which I will write a review.

## Stuff I did

### 1. Pentesterlab

Didn't touch it this week because of BSCP.

### 2. HTB Academy

In my free time, I speedran the modules for wifi pentesting path using the writeups. I plan to unlock the path but will study for the cert later, maybe next year or even later.

### 3. Job/Internship

Week 13 of internship done.

### 4. Coding

Did some python for fun. Still have a lot more to learn.

### 5. Portswigger Academy

FINALLY BSCP DONE. This will be removed from the todo section from next week lol.

### 6. Bug Bounty

Still no time at all for this. Still totally fucked.

### 7. Additional learning

I didn't do anything extra.

## Conclusion:

First cert of 2026. CWEE next, soon. 