---
title: Week 16 - 2026
date: 2026-04-26 10:30:00 + 05:30
categories: ["2026"]
tags: ["2026"]
description: Spending half my paycheck on a new SSD and learning git.
---

So last week I ended up ruining my laptop somehow while trying to dual boot ubuntu. After much research and asking around, the best option was to use another SSD to install ubuntu on it so that Windows cannot fuck with the boot sequence.

I now have windows on my original SSD and bought a new 512 GB SSD for running Ubuntu. I still have to configure my ubuntu and windows like it was before and reinstall all the software from before. 

Besides this, since I will be switching between ubuntu and windows, I will be using git to maintain notes via github. That's why I was learning git this week. But I did slack off a lot that's why I couldn't finish it. Also I am taking notes for it which I will share as a blog post when I am done.

Still using github's web UI to write this and it's making my eyes hurt, so I will stop now.

## Stuff I did

### 1. Pentesterlab

No time because laptop fucked.

### 2. HTB Academy

No time because laptop fucked.

### 3. Job/Internship

Week 16 of internship done. Still went to the office. 

### 4. Coding

No time because laptop fucked.

### 5. Bug Bounty

Still no time at all for this. Still totally fucked.

### 6. Additional learning

Finally dual booted ubuntu and learnt some git.

## Conclusion:

Finally dual booting is successful. Hopefully, I will be able to start studying for CWEE next week.  
