---
title: Week 18 - 2026
date: 2026-05-12 10:30:00 + 05:30
categories: ["2026"]
tags: ["2026"]
description: A late update.
---

This update is a bit late than usual as I got busy with work. Will try to be on time from now on.

I finally finished learning git from boot.dev and started preparing for the CWEE. Actually I have already finished git 1 and 2 but most of the course is only for boot.dev members, luckily I was given a one month sub which I plan to use to learn python and git, so I finished the first git course. Secondly, I reviewed both the modules I had solved before , Introduction to Injection Attacks and Introduction to NoSQL Injection, after which I took detailed notes for my field manual that I will be using for CWEE. I need to solve them again but for now my priority is to make notes for the entire CWEE path and finish solving the modules. I have also taken the notes for the 3rd Module which is Attacking Authentication Mechanisms which I will be finishing this week.  

## Stuff I did

### 1. Pentesterlab

Didn't do it as I am taking a break from this as I want to speedrun HTB academy now.

### 2. HTB Academy

Reviewed both the modules that I had completed before and took great notes for my field manual. 

### 3. Job/Internship

Week 18 of internship done. 

### 4. Coding

Didn't have much time

### 5. Bug Bounty

Still no time at all for this.

### 6. Additional learning

Finished the first git course on boot.dev, will try to finish the second course as well soon. 

## Conclusion:

2 CWEE modules done, 13 more to go. 