---
title: Week 15 - 2026
date: 2026-04-20 10:30:00 + 05:30
categories: ["2026"]
tags: ["2026"]
description: Spending my 23rd Birthday fixing Windows fuck ups and wasting a weekend after getting drunk asf...
---

Another week on internship where I am learning about network monitoring on real Infrastructure. Besides this I turn 23 today. Since I gotta go to work on weekdays I had a lot to drink on Saturday.

Now, usually I write the blog post on sunday night or monday night depending on when I get time. I sat down to write the post a while back and was unable to boot into windows.

This was not an issue before and I wonder what is wrong. I am trying to fix it but I have work tomorrow so this might have to wait, however, the post can't.

Anyways, I did some python and pentesterlab over the last week. I could not do everything I wanted as I wasted (or was wasted over the weeked lol) the weekend. First I had to go out to a couple places, then I decided to drink a lot because why not? 

This is why I was sort of hungover yesterday and didn't do much. Now today (rather yesterday as it's already past 12 am) is when I turn 23 and I am spending the night dealing with Microslop's fuckery.

Okay the github web interface is making my eyes hurt and I can't deal with this shit anymore. Here it goes:

## Stuff I did

### 1. Pentesterlab

Finished Recon and HTTP Badge. Code reviews left.

### 2. HTB Academy

Speedram a few modules just for the sake of it and downloaded the solutions to do everything properly later. 

### 3. Job/Internship

Week 15 of internship done. Still going to the office. 

### 4. Coding

Did some python in free time.  

### 5. Bug Bounty

Still no time at all for this. Still totally fucked.

### 6. Additional learning

Dual booting ubuntu has fucked my laptop and I am fixing it. In fact, I am writing this blog post on github.com and not from codium like I usually do, because that's on windows. 

## Conclusion:

God I hate windows and I can't wait to finish all the red teaming certs and never having to deal with microslop's fuckups ever again. 
